Docs: Add additional mutually exclusive note on backups docs (#15015)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/backups.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'
import Admonition from '~/components/Admonition'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Database Backups',
  description: 'Learn about the available backup methods for your Supabase project.',
}

export const mutuallyExclusiveNote = (
  <Admonition type="note">

>     Daily Backups and PITR are mutually exclusive. If your project opts into using PITR, Daily
>     Backups will no longer be taken. They're also unnecessary, as PITR supports a superset of
>     functionality, in terms of the granular recovery that can be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you enable PITR, Daily Backups will no longer be taken. PITR provides a finer granularity than Daily Backups, so it's unnecessary to run both.
```

![PITR dashboard](/docs/img/backups-pitr-dashboard.png)

> You can access PITR in the [Point in Time](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/database/backups/pitr) settings in the Dashboard. The recovery period of a project is indicated by the earliest and latest points of recoveries displayed in one's preferred timezone. If need be, the maximum amount of this recovery period can be modified accordingly.

Reviewer: side note: we should avoid terms like "one's". 

If you wouldn't speak it, we shouldn't write it.

Author: Thank you - updated.
